usage: pcluster [-h]
                {list-clusters,create-cluster,delete-cluster,describe-cluster,update-cluster,describe-compute-fleet,update-compute-fleet,delete-cluster-instances,describe-cluster-instances,list-cluster-log-streams,get-cluster-log-events,get-cluster-stack-events,list-images,build-image,delete-image,describe-image,list-image-log-streams,get-image-log-events,get-image-stack-events,list-official-images,configure,dcv-connect,export-cluster-logs,export-image-logs,ssh,version}
                ...

pcluster is the AWS ParallelCluster CLI and permits launching and management
of HPC clusters in the AWS cloud.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit

COMMANDS:
  {list-clusters,create-cluster,delete-cluster,describe-cluster,update-cluster,describe-compute-fleet,update-compute-fleet,delete-cluster-instances,describe-cluster-instances,list-cluster-log-streams,get-cluster-log-events,get-cluster-stack-events,list-images,build-image,delete-image,describe-image,list-image-log-streams,get-image-log-events,get-image-stack-events,list-official-images,configure,dcv-connect,export-cluster-logs,export-image-logs,ssh,version}
    list-clusters       Retrieve the list of existing clusters.
    create-cluster      Create a managed cluster in a given region.
    delete-cluster      Initiate the deletion of a cluster.
    describe-cluster    Get detailed information about an existing cluster.
    update-cluster      Update a cluster managed in a given region.
    describe-compute-fleet
                        Describe the status of the compute fleet.
    update-compute-fleet
                        Update the status of the cluster compute fleet.
    delete-cluster-instances
                        Initiate the forced termination of all cluster compute
                        nodes. Does not work with AWS Batch clusters.
    describe-cluster-instances
                        Describe the instances belonging to a given cluster.
    list-cluster-log-streams
                        Retrieve the list of log streams associated with a
                        cluster.
    get-cluster-log-events
                        Retrieve the events associated with a log stream.
    get-cluster-stack-events
                        Retrieve the events associated with the stack for a
                        given cluster.
    list-images         Retrieve the list of existing custom images.
    build-image         Create a custom ParallelCluster image in a given
                        region.
    delete-image        Initiate the deletion of the custom ParallelCluster
                        image.
    describe-image      Get detailed information about an existing image.
    list-image-log-streams
                        Retrieve the list of log streams associated with an
                        image.
    get-image-log-events
                        Retrieve the events associated with an image build.
    get-image-stack-events
                        Retrieve the events associated with the stack for a
                        given image build.
    list-official-images
                        List Official ParallelCluster AMIs.
    configure           Start the AWS ParallelCluster configuration.
    dcv-connect         Permits to connect to the head node through an
                        interactive session by using NICE DCV.
    export-cluster-logs
                        Export the logs of the cluster to a local tar.gz
                        archive by passing through an Amazon S3 Bucket.
    export-image-logs   Export the logs of the image builder stack to a local
                        tar.gz archive by passing through an Amazon S3 Bucket.
    ssh                 Connects to the head node instance using SSH.
    version             Displays the version of AWS ParallelCluster.

For command specific flags, please run: "pcluster [command] --help"
